Updates to SDK metrics ref, add Temporal Client info (#966)
temporalio/documentation: docs/reference/metrics.md

- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `activity_poll_no_task`

An Activity Worker poll for an Activity Task timed out, and no Activity Task is available to pick from the Task Queue.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: TypeScript, Go, PHP, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `activity_schedule_to_start_latency`

The Schedule-To-Start time of an Activity Task in milliseconds.
A [Schedule-To-Start Timeout](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-schedule-to-start-timeout) can be set when an Activity Execution is spawned.

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: TypeScript, Go, PHP, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `activity_task_error`

An internal error or kernel panic occurred during Activity Task handling or execution.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, PHP
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `corrupted_signals`

Number of Signals whose payload could not be deserialized.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, PHP, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `local_activity_execution_cancelled`

> A local activity execution was canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local Activity Execution was canceled.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, PHP, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `local_activity_execution_failed`

> A Local Activity Execution failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local Activity Execution failed.
```

### `activity_schedule_to_start_latency`

The Schedule-To-Start time of an Activity Task in milliseconds.
A [Schedule-To-Start Timeout](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-schedule-to-start-timeout) can be set when an Activity Execution is spawned.

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `activity_task_error`

An internal error / panic occurred during Activity Task handling/execution

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `corrupted_signals`

Number of Signals whose payload could not be deserialized.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `local_activity_execution_cancelled`

A local activity execution was cancelled

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `local_activity_execution_failed`

A local activity execution failed

- Type: Counter
- Go, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `local_activity_execution_latency`

> The time it is taking for Local Activity Executions to complete, from the time the first Activity Task is generated, to the time the SDK responds that the execution is complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Time to complete a Local Activity Execution, from the time the first Activity Task is generated to the time the SDK responds that the execution is complete.
```

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `local_activity_succeeded_endtoend_latency`

Total latency of successfully finished Local Activity Executions (from schedule to completion).

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `local_activity_total`

Total number of [Local Activity Executions](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity).

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `long_request`

Temporal Client failed an RPC long poll request.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `operation`

### `long_request_failure`

Temporal Client made an RPC long poll request.

- Type: Counter
- Core-Client, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `operation`

### `long_request_latency`

> Temporal Client gRPC long poll request latency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Latency of a Temporal Client gRPC long poll request.
```

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `operation`

### `num_pollers`

Current number of Worker Entities that are polling.

- Type: Gauge
- Available in: Core
- Available keys: `namespace`, `poller_type`, `task_queue`

### `poller_start`

A Worker Entity poller was started.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `request`

Temporal Client made an RPC request.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `operation`

### `request_failure`

Temporal Client failed an RPC request.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- `namespace`, `operation`

### `request_latency`

> Temporal Client gRPC request latency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Latency of a Temporal Client gRPC request.
```

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `operation`

### `sticky_cache_hit`

A Workflow Task found a cached Workflow Execution Event History to run against.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `sticky_cache_miss`

A Workflow Task did not find a cached Workflow Worker.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `sticky_cache_size`

> Current cache size in number of Workflow Executions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Current cache size, expressed in number of Workflow Executions.
```

- Type: Gauge
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`(Core Only), `task_queue`

### `sticky_cache_total_forced_eviction`

A Workflow Execution has been forced from the cache intentionally.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`

### `unregistered_activity_invocation`

> There was a request to spawn an Activity Execution that is not registered with the Worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A request to spawn an Activity Execution is not registered with the Worker.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Go
- Available keys: `activity_type`, `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `worker_start`

> A Worker Entity has been registered/created/started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Worker Entity has been registered, created, or started.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `worker_type`

### `worker_task_slots_available`

The total number of Workflow Task and Activity Task execution slots that are currently available.

> The `worker_type` key provides the ability to differentiate respectively (Workflow Workers execute Workflow Tasks, Activity Workers execute Activity Tasks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `worker_type` key to differentiate execution slots.
(Workflow Workers execute Workflow Tasks; Activity Workers execute Activity Tasks.)
```

- Type: Gauge
- Available in: Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `worker_type`

### `workflow_active_thread_count`

> Total amount of Workflow threads in the Worker Process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Total amount of Workflow threads in the Worker Process.
```

- Type: Gauge
- Available in: Java

### `workflow_cancelled`

Workflow Execution ended because of a cancellation request.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_completed`

A Workflow Execution completed successfully.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_continue_as_new`

> A workflow ended continued-as-new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Workflow ended with Continue-As-New.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_endtoend_latency`

> Workflow total execution time in milliseconds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workflow total execution time in milliseconds,
```

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_failed`

> A workflow ended failed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Workflow failed.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_task_execution_failed`

> A workflow task execution failed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Workflow Task Execution failed.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_task_execution_latency`

> Workflow task execution time in milliseconds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workflow Task Execution time in milliseconds.
```

- Type: Histogram
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_task_queue_poll_empty`

> A Workflow Worker polled a Task queue and timed out without picking up a Workflow Task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Workflow Worker polled a Task Queue and timed out without picking up a Workflow Task.
```

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_task_queue_poll_succeed`

A Workflow Worker polled a Task Queue and successfully picked up a Workflow Task.

- Type: Counter
- Available in: Core, Go, Java
- Available keys: `namespace`, `task_queue`, `workflow_type`

### `workflow_task_replay_latency`

> Time it takes to catch up on replaying a Workflow Task in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Time to catch up on replaying a Workflow Task in milliseconds.
```
